see this by himself he picked him up he
came over and he stuffed my floor so I
staying at you so I started petting him
and then they let me pick them up and I
probably kind of freaked them out
because I picked him up oh no he's
coming at me oh he's got my foot he's
gonna get you is so adorable you know
I've always thought skunks were like a
terrible coming
but I am missing his family his family
is over there hey little guy ok
okay yeah let's go see my mom and daddy
are please go walk away walk away just
walk to walk him towards his family oh
no he's getting me now okay I'm not see
see see you go get me this there's his
family right there
I can't I can't even feel comfortable
about walking home cuz i don't want him
to follow me i don't want him to get
separated I don't know we should
probably try to get him back to the
bunch okay you do that and I'll of
course it ok might get sprayed hey got
you know and we'll pick you up I'm I'll
put you over here with your brothers and
fish